With my investment ability
Give me this money
Make at least 30 profit points per year
What's wrong with this money?
Must be put on this project
Chu Wei Shubo
What do you think?
Sheng Shao is right
If according to the original plan
Only power batteries are produced.
Small investment pays off quickly
There is absolutely no need to expand to the entire complete handicap.
Yes, hahahaha.
Invest in mobile payments
Lost half in a few days
It is the investment ability you mentioned.
To really control the market
Have absolute words
It is necessary to achieve the settlement of the whole industry
Now there is strong support from the capital
It is this opportunity
As long as you seize the opportunity
Production was completed one year later
We Lin's
Will be far ahead in this industry
No one can match the light
I want to support the next operation of this project
With the support of only one government
Is not enough
At least get the support of the center
Lin Fan is in the center axis, you have the help of Nalan Venue
Can gain insight into opportunities
But look at the whole building
You are just an ant
Only the weak rely on relationships
But get future planning news
The real strong
You're on your own.
Possessing a keen eye and market insight
You can see everything
No matter how much hype you say
It won't change your project investment and stubbornness
Fair Fact
Lin Fan, you insist again and again
Must be upgraded to the entire completed industrial chain
Isn't it?
Do you have any other selfishness in it?
Or should I say
In addition to embezzling project funds
What else did you do?